fix(extract): preflight co-importability check with actionable duplicate-declaration diagnostic (#63)
Beneficial-AI-Foundation/probe-lean: docs/USAGE.md

| `--skip-enrich` | | Skip transitive verification enrichment (no `"transitively-verified"` status) |
| `--class <NAME>` | | Override the detected project class (e.g. `security-protocol`). Normally auto-detected from a VCVio dependency; this is for manual runs |

> Before importing, `extract` runs a **co-importability preflight**: it reads each built module's own declarations from its `.olean` header and aborts with the list of duplicated names and their owning modules if two modules declare the same fully-qualified name (see [Troubleshooting](#co-importability-check-failed)). This catches problem/solution-style layouts before the expensive import instead of failing mid-import with a raw kernel error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before importing, `extract` runs a **co-importability preflight**: it reads each built module's own declarations from its `.olean` header and aborts with the list of duplicated names and their owning modules if two modules declare the same fully-qualified name (see [Troubleshooting](#co-importability-check-failed)).
```
(i'd drop the last sentence as, to me,  problem/solution is specific to [zeta-h123](https://github.com/AxiomMath/zeta-h123) -- i'm not aware of a convention to use this terminology for other lean projects, maybe there is one?)

Author: Applied in f83167c — dropped the trailing sentence as suggested.

You're almost certainly compiling Mathlib from source. probe-lean auto-downloads the cache on first run (see [Mathlib cache](#mathlib-cache-auto-downloaded)), but if that failed, run `lake exe cache get` in the target project manually.

### "Co-importability check failed"

> Two or more built modules declare the same fully-qualified name — commonly parallel `problem.lean`/`solution.lean` (or spec/impl) files that restate the same definitions without namespaces, or sibling modules that independently define common root-namespace names (`F`, `main`, `digit`, …). The project builds because Lake compiles each module independently, but probe-lean must import **all** built modules into a single Lean environment, and Lean forbids duplicate declarations in one environment (see the co-importability requirement under [Supported Projects](../README.md#supported-projects) in the README).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects with modules that declare the same fully-qualified name build because Lake compiles each module independently, but `probe-lean` must import **all** built modules into a single Lean environment, and Lean forbids duplicate declarations in one environment (see the co-importability requirement under [Supported Projects](../README.md#supported-projects) in the README).
```

Author: Applied verbatim in f83167c.
